that green house green house green house
green
hello I'm doing it yourself from now on
I'm going to make everything that I need
purse is not very keen though are you
Percy guess what this is
it's a ledge I love woodwork I used to
watch my uncle cheap clothes when I was
a little monster uncle trip Klaus was
very good at carpentry so I learnt all
about it I'm a bit out of practice now
though so I'm starting on small easy
everyday things to get my claw in then
I'm going to make big things like a
table or a hot-air balloon bubble hello
class what are you doing I'm doing it
yourself iris these are the legs of a
plant stand a three-headed plant stand
for a three-headed plant oh no no it's
for three separate flower pots to stand
on when the glides are glued in
you put one flower pot on this flat bit
that's right
like right Bree and where do the other
two go patience iris patience now just
lift it up hey smashing and what's the
Obon Castle even clop plant holder if
you please one two and three oh gosh
that's really clever Klaus I reckon you
going to be getting orders buddy do you
know
thanks very much iris and you can help
me glue the legs in if you like come on
how do we do that well you put a dab of
glue in each of those three holes right
and why have you decided to go in for
the Stuart yourself well yesterday I
noticed that my beautiful rare plants
are getting so crowded that I missed a
whole row of them out when I was
watering
Oh put the legs into the holes now iris
that's right right
yes that's right yes yes I missed them
out completely poor things
there they were drooping with post so I
thought green Claus it's time for you to
invent your brilliant three-headed
plants hand and then that row will have
their own special place to be and they
won't get missed out again right well
run through it right now all we have to
do is leave it upside down like that
till the glue dries and then we can put
some plants on it
hands are all sticky oh why don't we
plan one of your fabulous scenes while
waiting for the glue tears a good idea
iris come on which seed shall we choose
oh this looks like a good one
right red with yellow spots put it in
the special earth and press it down
gently I water it Oh close there's no
water on the can well then run quickly
and put the pot underneath the kitchen
tap I'm sure a fill this with water how
careless of me
here we are all watered and ready to go
in this secret growing place in the
little tree and Alma will tell us when
it's grown into a plant would you over
what did she say she said yes she will I
wondered that glooms dry let's have a
look come on
oh yes the legs are struggling good and
fast now all we have to do is turn it
over
Thank You iris go hand Oh excellent a
perfect plant scan ah it seems to be
leaning over to one side of it comes oh
I think I've made one of the legs a bit
shorter than the other two that's what's
doing it iris I know I'll saw a bit of
the two long legs it's a pity we can't
do what they do in Japan
karate it's called they just sort of go
hands and hit the leg and a piece falls
off extraordinary you mean to say they
just sort of go has
I'm sorry oh never mind
I just have to make something simple
next time like a piano
oh well it's looking for it we'll just
have to go and water those plants where
they are come on right we'll have to do
them there Oh close the watering cans
empty oh yes I was forgetting oh I'll go
and fill it up from the sink tap alright
and paid you plants are just going to
have to wait a little bit longer Bo
drink oh dear oh no oh it's sprung a
leak no wonder it was empty just now
well how we going to water the plants we
just have to buy a new watering can
today we can't all the shops a shot well
never panic iris you gone fetch my
garden hose from the greenhouse here oh
right now um you put one end on the tap
and I'll unroll it oh oh it only
stretches as far as here that's no good
how are we going to do and suppose we
could use my trusty washing up Bowl I
won't be very easy I mean a watering can
does tiny dribbles of water
your washing up mole or slush is
everywhere besides I need it for
drinking my tea but we can always always
not stop it I will build a splendid
watering machine iris this is going to
be the finest piece of doing yourself
you ever saw right now we'll need this
was a good thing it fell to pieces Hamid
McClure instead of the nail can I help
oh I don't think so iris and there's a
book over there you might like to look
at or you could stand and watch and
admire across drawers at work
boom Oh
quiet please iris genius at work Oh